Disclaimer (#1576)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate, threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Disclaimer

> The MSTG and it's materials are for educational and research purposes only, or if you are a professional security tester that is analysing mobile apps with approval of the app owner (e.g. Penetration Test or Bug Bounty Program).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MSTG and its materials are conceived for educational and research purposes only, or if you are a professional security tester that is analyzing mobile apps with approval of the app owner (e.g. as part of a penetration test or a bug bounty program).
```

> Refrain from violating the laws in your country by carefully consulting them before executing any tests against mobile apps by utilizing the MSTG materials.

Reviewer: What about "when" not to repeat "by"?

```suggestion
Refrain from violating the laws in your country by carefully consulting them before executing any tests against mobile apps when utilizing the MSTG materials.
```

> Please consult the laws in your country before executing any tests against mobile apps by utilizing the MSTG materials. Refrain from violating the laws with anything described in the MSTG.

Reviewer: What do you think of this rephrasing?
```suggestion
Refrain from violating the laws in your country by carefully consulting them before executing any tests against mobile apps by utilizing the MSTG materials.
```

> The MSTG project is also NOT supporting in any way of unethical activities and if you come across such requests please reach out to the project leaders and raise this to them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MSTG project is also NOT supporting unethical activities in any way. If you come across such requests, please reach out to the project leaders and raise this to them.
```

> The MSTG project is also NOT supporting in any way of unethical activities and if you come across such requests please reach out to the project leaders and raise this to us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MSTG project is also NOT supporting in any way of unethical activities and if you come across such requests please reach out to the project leaders and raise this to them.
```

> Neither OWASP, project leaders, authors or anyone else involved in this project is going to accept responsibility for your actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Neither OWASP, the MSTG project leaders, authors or anyone else involved in this project is going to accept responsibility for your actions.
```

Reviewer: Apart from that: Accept or take responsibility?

Author: I made it now "take responsibility". Have a look

> The intention of the MSTG is not to encourage hacking or malicious activities! Instead, the goal of the project is to document different attacks against mobile apps and it's risk and offer ways to reduce or mitigate it's risk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The intention of the MSTG is not to encourage hacking or malicious activities! Instead, the goal of the project is to document different attacks against mobile apps and its risk and offer ways to reduce or mitigate that risk.
```

> The intention of the MSTG is not to encourage hacking or malicious activities! Instead, the goal of the project is to document different attacks against mobile apps and its risk and offer ways to reduce or mitigate that risk.

Reviewer: Maybe better with the comma?
```suggestion
The intention of the MSTG is not to encourage hacking or malicious activities! Instead, the goal of the project is to document different attacks against mobile apps and its risk, and offer ways to reduce or mitigate that risk.
```
